I am here to explain concepts in pyhton. First of all Python is a programming language in which it has simplier format and easy to understand.

I started at print statements. To something in the terminal, the program must use the print function. This print function uses std out that is 
talking directly from the kernel of the desktop to be able to print something. Print function has a couple of parameters, such as the text that 
be printed, the seperator, and the end which serves as the character after the printing of the text is completed. 

Second, are variables. variables are objects that is created inside the program. Those objects has its own id, type, and address. These variables
are living in the system. For them be called we need to declare a variable name. These variable names are the one's who points to those memory addresses
for the object to be accessed. An object can have a multiple names that is pointing to itself.

Next is input function. This input function is used for getting an input from the user. When you use input function, it returns a string. 
This is so useful when you want to get data or information from the user that is needed from the program to execute, run, and exit or terminated.
This serves as a gateway for the user to communicate to the program. 

Fourth is conditionals. Conditionals are so important when it comes to programming. This conditionals are like directions with its rules. They are 
like traffic inforcers which guide motorists when to pass by. It redirects the program depending if the condition is met or not. It is like also a 
security that acts like a gate the prevents risks from the outside to access the block inside the conditionals.

Fifth is loop. Loops are convenient, this act like a teleporter or a time machine which enables the program to jump from whichever depends on the 
condition written in it. There are two loops 'for' loop and 'while' loop. For loops are usually used when there are certain known number of loops are needed.
While in the while loop it usually used when you want to depend on a condition for it to run.

Lastly, functions. Functions are like tools that you can use anytime. This tools are used to avoid unnecessary duplications, efforts in the program.
This also acts as a organizer that each functions has its own functionality and creates a organized code thus resulting for the programmer to read 
the code easily (for readability).